**Cross Compilation Yolov8 C++ Object Detection example for H15**

**Last HailoRT version checked - 4.14.0**

**Disclaimer:** <br />
This code example is provided by Hailo solely on an “AS IS” basis and “with all faults”. No responsibility or liability is accepted or shall be imposed upon Hailo regarding the accuracy, merchantability, completeness or suitability of the code example. Hailo shall not have any liability or responsibility for errors or omissions in, or any business decisions made by you in reliance on this code example or any part of it. If an error occurs when running this example, please open a ticket in the "Issues" tab.<br />
Please note that this example was tested on specific versions and we can only guarantee the expected results using the exact version mentioned above on the exact environment. The example might work for other versions, other environment or other HEF file, but there is no guarantee that it will.


This example was tested on H15 EVB with Vision_Processor_SW_Package_2023_07.tar.gz

The example does the following:

1. Cross Compiles the CPP example for H15
2. Gets the resources (hef, input image) needed to run the inference
3. Performs the inference on a H15 platform
4. Generates an output.jpg file with bounding boxes
5. Prints statistics to screen

### Prequisites ###
- H15 cross development toolchain (Generated by toolchain shell script under release/prebuild/sdk/ in the Vision_Processor_SW_Package)
- H15 platform for executing, containing
  - OpenCV 4.5.5
  - CMake >= 3.11

### Usage ###
1. On the development machine, compile the example by running `./build.sh` and providing the toolchain folder location
2. Get the required resources by running `./get_resources.sh`
3. On the H15 platform create a dir called `yolov8_example`
4. Copy the compiled binary and the downloaded resources from the development machine to the H15 yolov8_example dir.

   `scp build/aarch64/yolov8_cross_compilation_h15 root@10.0.0.1:~/yolov8_example/`

   `scp resources/images/bus.jpg root@10.0.0.1:~/yolov8_example/`

   `scp resources/hefs/h15/yolov8s_h15.hef root@10.0.0.1:~/yolov8_example/`

5. Run the example on the H15 machine - `./yolov8_cross_compilation_h15 -input=bus.jpg -hef=yolov8s_h15.hef -num=30`
6. The example will infer the bus.jpg frame 30 times, and generate an output file `output.jpg`
7. Copy the file back to the development machine to view the bounding boxes

NOTE: There should be no spaces between "=" given in the command line arguments and the file name itself.  
